README.md, before:

# Project Title

Just after the title, introduce your project by describing attractively what the project is about and what is the main problem that inspires you to create this project or what is the main contribution for the potential user of your project.

---

## Technologies

Describe the technologies required to use your project such as programming languages, libraries, frameworks, and operating systems. Be sure to include the specific versions of any critical dependencies that you have used in the stable version of your project.

---

## Installation Guide

In this section, you should include detailed installation notes containing code blocks and screenshots.

---

## Usage

This section should include screenshots, code blocks, or animations explaining how to use your project.

---

## Contributors

In this section, list all the people who contribute to this project. You might want recruiters or potential collaborators to reach you, so include your contact email and, optionally, your LinkedIn or Twitter profile.

---

## License

When you share a project on a repository, especially a public one, it's important to choose the right license to specify what others can and can't with your source code and files. Use this section to include the license you want to use.

Commit message:

Revised title and description of README.md

README.md, after:

# Module 2 Challenge - Loan Qualifier Application with CSV Output.

---

## Description

This code adds on to our existing Loan Qualifier Application by adding on new function that will save and export all qualifying loans as a new CSV file.  This challenge builds on the skills that we have learned through Module 1 and Module 2 thus far. 

---

## Technologies

Describe the technologies required to use your project such as programming languages, libraries, frameworks, and operating systems. Be sure to include the specific versions of any critical dependencies that you have used in the stable version of your project.

---

## Installation Guide

In this section, you should include detailed installation notes containing code blocks and screenshots.

---

## Usage

This section should include screenshots, code blocks, or animations explaining how to use your project.

---

## Contributors

In this section, list all the people who contribute to this project. You might want recruiters or potential collaborators to reach you, so include your contact email and, optionally, your LinkedIn or Twitter profile.

---

## License

When you share a project on a repository, especially a public one, it's important to choose the right license to specify what others can and can't with your source code and files. Use this section to include the license you want to use.
